No one gives a about you. They care about what it's going to do for them. The number one step in copywriting is understanding what do people want. And
the the biggest indicator of whether a launch is going to be successful or not is
like the biggest misconception is that influencers will do a good job selling your product. This is one of the biggest
pieces of sauce that no one realizes that the exalgo
really really looks at. How much money do you make
this year? I'll make about a million dollars. A million dollars. How old are you? I'm 23. What do you do?
I have an agency that helps software companies do Twitter launches. Twitter launches. So like these like viral like a new startup came out, they
just built their product and they want to announce it to the world. Either they want to announce it to the world or they have a big fund raise um
or a new feature launch etc. They'll come to me and I'll put together a big influencer campaign, a viral launch
video um and I'll orchestrate the whole thing end to end. And so some of our launches have gotten as many as, you
know, 10 million views across the influencer campaign, the main launch video, etc., etc. Okay. Gotcha. And how much do these
companies typically pay you for a launch? They pay me anywhere from $70,000 to
$150,000 for a launch. That is insane. Okay. So, I've seen many
of your Twitter launches as a Twitter user myself. We saw Slash, Triple Whale, all these had like two, three million
views per video, and then there's all these like sub accounts posting. And so like they really just come to you like, "Hey, we had this new feature we want to
announce or their first version of their product that they want the world to know about. They want to do it on Twitter because that's kind of where the tech
world lives." And basically you come up with a plan to a make a really high quality polished video that explains the
product, but b like this like influencer ecosystem to get as much exposure as possible.
Yeah. Yeah. And I like the way I look at it and and when most people see a launch, like they see the main video and
they think that's it. And so like when people come to me, the biggest misconception is like we just need a video and then we're going to go launch
it and push it out there. But really the more important part is the distribution around the video. Um and so like there's there's the main
video and then any campaign we do, we'll do any from anywhere from 30 to 100
influencers that then talk about the product uh and the launch as well. And that's honestly like one of the bigger
pieces, right? Because uh the way I kind of look at a launch is I look at it like a club, okay? Okay. And if you look at a
club, uh, a club will hire promoters. And promoters, what's their job? They need to bring hot girls into the club.
Okay? And if the club and the promoters do a good job that night, they'll bring a ton of hot girls. The girls will post
on their story. Then guys will come and the club will make a ton of money, right? And a launch is the exact same
way where if we can pay promoters to talk about the launch as soon as the launch goes live and do all these
things, you know, that the algorithm likes on X and on LinkedIn, then we should have a super viral launch because
after that, everyone will organically talk about it. And for example, with like Meridian, which we just did, which is a super successful launch, that's
exactly what happened, right? We paid the first 50 or 70 people to talk about the launch in the exact way we wanted
them to. And then all of a sudden the entire two or three days after the launch, everyone was on the platform
talking about it. So you kind of seed this initial like you're going to put a lot of effort into a really high quality video and you're
going to seed 20 or 30 people that are going to post something that you kind of tell them to post essentially.
Exactly. And like the biggest misconception and like you know this because you're in content and you've been in influencer
marketing etc. is that influencers will do a good job selling your product. Mhm. That is the biggest misconception. And
the reason is because influencers, they can sell themselves, they can post for themselves, but as soon as you pay for
them to to do something, they give you the biggest load of dog [ __ ] They don't give a [ __ ] Excuse my French.
But they don't give a [ __ ] And so what we do is we actually take all of the content and we we we bring in a content
team. So around a launch, we bring in a content team for every single influencer. They study the influencers's
page and then they write content and make assets for that influencer. So everything we do is like super tactical
and it comes from like a viral post out there that we've already seen out there. Wow. So you're going to have like this like huge list of all the influencers
you're going to work with and then a content team's going to come in and actually write each piece of content, each post for these people for the influencer.
Okay, we're getting ahead of ourselves, but this is like very very interesting high level to understand the anatomy of a launch. Yeah,
I've been involved in many Twitter launches from [ __ ] You've been involved in some of the best Twitter launches in the world for tech companies. And so I'd
like to make this like anyone listening if they want to plan a Twitter launch like how do they go about it? And so I
think the best way to go about this would be like you have a Twitter launch coming up. You just signed a new client. What is the process for actually
orchestrating a launch? Yeah. So like one of the most important parts is the actual launch video. No
matter what you do um around the distribution, no matter how much you put into uh an influencer campaign, if the
launch video itself isn't phenomenal and isn't revolutionary, new and cool, the
launch won't do well. Okay? And we've seen it, right? Like we've had a flop here and there. And the the biggest
indicator of whether a launch is going to be successful or not is how you position what you're launching. Does it
feel novel? Right? like people on X come to the platform to find the new next thing that is novel cool unique and like
revolutionary and that's like why you know chat GBT right or open AI when they launch something they don't need to put
anything behind it because what they're doing is cutting edge it's it's it's you know the the newest wave and so
I mean there's of course two parts to that right there's the actual product that you're building and then there's how you can position the product and so
like you try to position the product uh in the most novel way possible. So like
an example like Meridian, we just did their launch. Um you know what sounds more novel between these two? Calling
Meridian, which by the way was a a software product to get your brand uh ranked in chat, right? Like uh geo,
right? Like SEO, the new form of SEO. What sounds more novel? calling it a tool that helps your brand get ranked
better and seen more and get more sales or saying the world's first uh AI SEO
team to get your brand ranked number one by open AI chat uh sorry chatbt uh
perplexity and deepseeek or something right like what's more novel unique and cool out of
the second one for sure and so it's like same tool but you change the positioning you you make it
sound more novel and all of a sudden you have a much better like launch, right? This is something that I don't think is very common in the tech world, but
copyrightiting direct response where you're focused on the outcome that the person receives by using your tool and not necessarily the features. And so is
that basically you have a client come to you, let's you say say meridian. They come to you. Is that the basically the first thing you're trying to figure out?
It's like how am I going to position this product? Like is that your job? It's my job 100%. And you're going to choose a positioning
that's not just the feature of what the tool is, but more of like the outcome the person wants desired outcome. Exactly. So you're going to say the world's first
to make it look shiny. Novel. Yes. Novel. And then you're going to say that will help you rank number one on chatbi
whatever it is. Yes. Cool. Yeah. Desired outcome, right? Like so and the way you find the desired outcome is through research, right? Like the the
number one step in copywriting is understanding what do people want, right? Like what do people out there already want and need and if you can
fulfill that need and position your product as the solution to that desire and that need, then you'll do well. And
like uh you know if you're if you're wearing a sweatshirt it's like why do you buy a certain sweatshirt? And for
men it's probably like the fact that it makes them look cooler and them looking cooler makes them get more girls and
more sex, right? Like that those are right. Um so so yeah, like that that's like the
the positioning part of it. Okay. So that's probably your first conversation like how are we going to position this? Is that going to be like their first line of the video? Typically
the first line I always view is like a bold claim. Okay. And then the next part of the
video is backing up that bold claim. Um, and the bolder you can make the
claim, I always say this is like, um, how bold can we make a claim that is still defensible, right? Um, and you
know, for Slash, for example, right? like our bold claim was we raised $60 million to build the world's first um
banking plat uh platform that allows you to open uh a business banking account without an LLC or an EIN and so like
novel bold the first world's first amount of money raised etc which is like a piece
of ammo I view it right like how much money a company raises because it gets attention um and so it's like that's always what
we start with like super bold claim and you can get creative with it right like I don't know if you're a uh software
product like let's talk about like MOI for example with triple whale that um basically like connects your entire tech
stack it's like chat GBT on top of your entire tech stack the claim you can make can be around
like amount of money you can make using the product or something like that something super bold increase revenue 32% just by turning
this one AI tool exactly yeah yes yes 100% and so that's that's the start is a super super bold,
novel, revolutionary claim. It makes sense because the people watching the video need to understand what's like what they're going to get
out of this. Like what is the value for the person watching this video and if they don't understand that right away, they'll churn.
Yeah. Viewers are teachers. Yes. Exactly, dude. People only care about what they're going to get for
themselves. And if you make This is another thing I I see people go wrong with is they make it about them. They
make We have been working on this for 5 years. I'm super proud to announce. No one gives a [ __ ] how hard our team
has worked. No, bro. Tell me right now what it's gonna do for me, what I will get out of this. Yeah. And the same as with
ads, right? Like if you go like which we can talk about later, but if you go into like advertising and making
direct response ads, um, no one gives a [ __ ] about you. They care about what it's going to do for
them and how how you're going to benefit them in their life. And that makes more sense. Like as a content creator, you should be thinking
of how you serve the audience. Like that is like a more righteous way to think about making content to be fair. We're we're making it sound like this like
controversial harsh thing, but it's like no, like it makes sense. Like people are watching content. You need to help them. And it's not about your whole life
story. Your ego needs to get out of it. Like you need to be very aware of how you're helping these people. But I mean I think that like goes back
to people being selfish, right? Because it's like everyone's selfish. Everyone wants to talk about themselves. And so
uh these founders like everyone always wants to make it about them, about what they did, about their background, etc.,
etc. when in reality it shouldn't be, right? So, you have to come in and like say no, this is not how it's going to work and that's why they're hiring you because
you understand what goes viral. Yes. And the problem is it's like you've probably seen this is like being able to
write copy like I I didn't used to be able to do it like four or five years ago. I had no idea what I was doing. But
it's like everyone always thinks that um they can and everyone always thinks that like their way is the best and like it
creates tension especially on like bigger teams where it's like you have like a a large team and bureaucracy and
red tape etc with people that don't understand for example like direct response and copywriting and you have to
go in I have to do this and be like no we can't do this. Um, I don't want to mention, but there was definitely like a
a point where in one of our launches where it was like someone wanted to completely like
write a launch script themselves and they thought it was good and it just wasn't. And uh and I had to go in and
and tell them no, you know. Yeah. Cuz what you're valuing is like clarity and being able to explain
something at like almost like a fifth grade level that anyone can understand. If you're trying to get millions of views, most people can't read very big
words. They won't understand the technical jargon. And so I see a lot of people in the tech world want to explain this innovation that they just did with
all these like deep technical words trying to almost like show off their intelligence where I'm like you're actually doing yourself a disservice
because no one's going to actually understand what you say. And if 100% if you say one word that someone doesn't understand they you lose them
like they're gone. I mean you look at Mr. Beast, okay? And like I I know you get this too. If you
if you watch a Mr. beast video, he doesn't say like there is a a um you know like a room and there are there's
money in the room. Like he will say there's $5,000 inside this box that can be opened this way. Like he explains it
to such a a level that like anyone in the world could understand.
It's impossible to misunderstand. Impossible. Yeah. Yes. So I think that's really important like a rule to understand like you need
to write write at a fifth grade reading level. So first first your like overall out like head headline is like the
world's first outcome the person receives and that's going to be the caption of the launch video pretty much
that that's like the that's like actually what's said in the launch video usually to start right so it's like I
don't know give me an example of a software right like I would love to just use slash so we can stay consistent let's just use slash
that's cool um just we'll go through that entire launch video just so we can kind of like see everything come together so what
for Slash we raised $60 million to build the world's first business banking platform that allows you to open uh an account
without an LLC or an EIN. Let me show you how it works. Yes. The other thing is getting into uh how
the thing works, right? How the product works, what it does very very quickly because every extra second is another
spot where people go wrong. Every extra second uh before you actually like give the payoff, right? Like the payoff of of how
this thing works um is, you know, people is opportunity for people to scroll and to not watch
your video. Great. So you you come up with the positioning to kind of understand mentally and you're going to make that bold claim and kind of the same
positioning is the same thing basically. So it's like we we invested the bold claim is like we spent $60 million even
though they technically just raised $60 million but they're going to spend that to make this idea possible. So you're using that language. We spent
$60 million to make it possible to open a bank account without an EIN or LLC. And you're saying that without the EIN
or LLC, because that's like the core pain point of people in different countries of beginner entrepreneurs,
they can't start a business without that. But if they don't live in the United States, they can't get an EIN. And so then they can't do business with
people in the United States. So it's a huge pain point. You make that crystal clear. Crystal clear. Outcome. You want start a bank account in the United States without the pain
point you're used to. Yes. And that's the first line. Exactly. And now you have to back that up cuz everyone's like, "No way. That's not
[ __ ] Everyone's like bullshit." Right. They want to call you out. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So you show how it works, right? And like you can do this in a in
a couple ways. If you're building a SAS and you're deciding what stack to use, I highly recommend you use [ __ ] to process
your payments. With WP payments, you can accept payments from customers in over 194 countries, and it takes less than 2
minutes to get set up and start accepting payments. [ __ ] also has authorization built in, so it's perfect
for indie devs that are trying to build apps rapidly. If you want to use [ __ ] to process payments for your software, go
to wop.com/sell or visit the docs at dev.wop.com. wop.com. Back to the episode.
Um, but you show exactly how it works and like what the wow moment in the eyes of the viewer is. like what is this wow
moment that this product can do that backs up that claim uh for slash it's not maybe as good of an example as uh
for example like MOI which again if we go back to that example is we our claim
there in moi was that uh you know it's the world's first agentic system and now
what I know by the way I wouldn't have even called it agentic system too big of a [ __ ] word I would have I would have done something simpler right
it was trendy in tech it was yeah um by the way. Like when I started this, I didn't even know what an
agentic system or an agent was, you know, um that can make like any
brand owner $100,000, right, in 30 days or something. That was like the bold claim there. And then the backing it up
is showing how it works. And so we basically then showed how it can do that
uh via these wow moments, these spectacular, insane moments about the product and what it does. And you need
to pull those out. You basically need to look at the product and say, "What are the coolest things that this can do that
solves problems people face every single day?" A and how can we show that this solves
that problem? Uh like if you look at like image gen, right? Like OpenAI's image gen when that
came out, it went nuclear viral, right? Um, like the fact that it could just
generate an image in like two minutes that used to take a designer like 30
days or or whatever, right? Is a wow moment. It is a wow moment in the eyes of of a viewer because it solves like a
massive problem. And so like anyone that has a software out there needs to go in and look and say, "What are these wow
moments? What are these crazy things that my product can do that solves problems that people already have?" If
your product doesn't solve a problem that people on Reddit are already talking about, that people on X are
already talking about, then you probably don't have a good product in the first place, by the way. And you need to demonstrate it. So, you
try to find that wow moment and then very visually demonstrate it as quickly as possible. Even if it is actually
clunkier to set up for the sake of a launch video, you just want to show do this, you get this output.
Yes. Demonstrate it. De I mean, it goes back to like show don't tell, right? We learned this in fifth grade, but this is like a very
like simple concept that everyone learns that I see so many launches also don't do is that they don't walk the viewer
through how it does it and it doing it in real time. Yes, that's the other thing. In real time, not like in past
tense, not like um what it can do. No, in real time. Let's say you're a blank
brand. Go in, open a blank, you know, click here and then here's what happens,
right? And it's like present tense like right now Mobi is doing blank or right now Meridian is scanning through
billions of sites. So you're walking them through and they're immersed. They're immersed. And then you talk about the production and and
post-production and like getting the the video right to like immerse the viewer in what's going on, but you have to say it in real time and
demonstrate to walk them through what's going on. Yeah. You always have like the thing that stands out about your work so much me is how quality the animations are. A
how tight the script is. like it's like beautifully articulated and very clear like psychology principles, perfect
pain, problem, solution, everything. And then very clean animations that are very
professional that perfectly visualize what the product does, but not holding
yourself, oh, I need to use the actual product and be too literal. Like it's like it's a animated version of the
product where you're taking a few liberties just for clarity. And there's a fine line, right? like
like good video making um is the audio and the visual line up one to one. And
like if you watch a Mr. Beast video Yes. what you're saying matches what you're seeing. Exactly. Exactly. And the closer they
match, the better the video. And like one of the reasons why Mr. Beast is the best YouTuber in the world is because
everything lines up perfectly. Right. And if he has a complex topic that he needs to describe,
he, you know, gets creative in the way with with animation, with 3D, etc.,
right? And so there's a there's a fine line you have to walk, right? Because you don't want it to be so abstract a
launch video where it doesn't feel like you're in the product at all, okay? And it feels fake, right? Because then you
lose trust with the viewer, but you also want your audio and visual
to line up onetoone. And so like there's so many examples in launch videos of things that the product doesn't actually
do um that we almost make it seem like it does. And the the biggest one would be like for example this computer vision
effect that we always add on launch videos when we're talking about the AI or the computer scanning something or
understanding something and it's basically like these red boxes with like a it's a plugin by the way. It's fully
just a plugin. Um and and um you know that allows you to visualize like a
computer scanning. That doesn't actually happen by the way. None of that actually happens. But the the thing is is that you need uh the the
the visual and the and the audio to line up onetoone. So there's certain areas when you're editing a video and uh you
know you're going into the the post-production that you need to do that in order to make the video good, in
order to get the Yeah, you're trying to visualize computer vision and so you're just like putting these like red boxes that simulate a computer looking at
something. That's really cool. And you're that you're using that to communicate. The AI scans your documents and you just show
that even it's not at all how it happens, but it helps communicate what you're saying, right? Right. Okay, cool. So, let let me make sure
this is clear. So, first it's like the bold claim desired outcome basically like what you're going to get. Then you
need to back up that bold claim. So, you need to kind of showcase the unique mechanism like what is the how were they able to solve this problem. So, then
people are like holy [ __ ] that actually is real like the wow moments of the product. The wow moments. Okay. And then to showcase that you want to make sure
you're what how you're basically walking through this. This is probably like a 30 secondond thing at probably around there. Yeah.
Where you're like and we're able to do this through this new agentic system that views your computer and sees what's
on your screen and then gives you live recommendations and analytics on how whatever blah blah blah blah blah and then you're showing that all visually
then what happens? Okay. So then um this depends okay on
the launch. Uh we've done it both ways. Um, and I think it depends on the
product and who is launching it. And, uh, occasionally we'll go into
social proof and trust. Okay. And if you are a triple whale, okay, who's been
around for 5 years, who everyone in DOC and ecom knows, for example, triple whale, Moby is a software or a
Shopify app that helps Shopify founders track all their analytics, their sales, much much more. But high level, it's a
Shopify app that helps ecom brands. Right. Right. And they're one of the biggest in the space, right? Like if you are in ecom, you know, and you've known
these guys forever, you don't need social proof. Okay. Triple well making an announcement in this space in the category they're in, they don't really
need it. They're the authority. They are the authority already, right? Like that just their name is enough. Uh if you're launching a brand new product,
you're a first-time founder, etc. You probably want to add some of that social proof. How many uh companies use you
guys already, what some of the results have been, who you're backed by, who your investors are, etc. Take that time
there uh towards the end after you've gone through like the proof of your claim and you've thoroughly backed up your claim.
Um, after that in all of our launches comes a lead magnet and a giveaway.
And this comes to how the Twitter and LinkedIn algorithms work and how they
serve content. And like a lot of people don't know this, but the Twitter algo was open sourced.
Elon bought the platform and opensourced the algo. You can go on GitHub, you can watch YouTube videos on it. You can see
how the algo works. And there's two sides to the algorithm. There's sourcing and there's ranking. Sourcing is will
the algorithm take your content and show it on the for you page at all? And then ranking is how high up will you be shown
on the algorithm. Sourcing again, are you going to get shown at all? Yes or no to a specific user. Um the biggest
indicator in sourcing is a retweet. Okay. the biggest indicator in ranking
and how high up you'll be because it's like great if you get sourced but you're number 750 out of 1500 pre-loaded posts
great like you know you're not going to get seen that's not a viral video um ranking is how high up and like any
of our launches if you were in sort of like niche of the launch it would have been one of the first or second things
on your for you page on the X on X and the reason is because they they ranked very highly the launches and
ranking the biggest indicator is a reply, but not only just a reply, a reply and
then a reply back from the tweet author. This is one of the biggest pieces of sauce that no one [ __ ] realizes that
the exalgo really really looks at
the person reply and then did the tweet author reply back. Whoa. And if you see
a launch out there and you see all these replies and you don't see the author replying back, they massive miss.
Massive miss. You need to reply to all of them. Three of them. All of them. All of them. Yeah. Yeah.
Um and to me, the way I read into that is like the the platform, right? They want a viewer or they want a user to
spend as much time as possible on the platform because then they can serve more ad space, right? It's like they have more inventory essentially. They
also want to incentivize engagement and that you're not just like extracting value. So that makes a lot of sense to me. Yeah.
Okay. That this is what I we've done a lot of Twitter launches at [ __ ] and I've orchestrated all of them. And so
the one thing I notic about you is you always something we've never done is a lead magnet where like you'll even in the launch it'll say comment this word
and we'll give you a free guide on how to use it. Yes. And then then you're just incentivizing everyone to comment
to maximize the engagement and then you're actually giving them value which kind of triggers reciprocity. Yes. Yes. And it also kind of educates them on
your product, too. So, I was like, this is like the most genius engagement hack ever because it's a launch video. You're already getting a ton of eyeballs. This
is just going to push it way further in the algorithm and you're giving people a free guide to help them and you could get them into the funnel,
right? So, it's like this is done really well. Yeah. Email capture. Exactly. So for Meridian uh what we did was we they
devoped a way to check how you're ranking um with chatbt all the platforms
and you enter your link you enter your domain and then it gives you a score basically and um with that for example
we could have we didn't we just wanted as many people trying the product we could have put a an email capture um and
then hit them right in in email um but also it like gives gives them a taste of the product and like they want more,
right? Like after they see their search score, okay, now they want to improve it, right? Now the user wants to improve it. And so that for example
um was an example of like something that I think was really well done. So from Meridian, you gave them a search score where basically if they click
this, if they comment this word, you'll send them a link. That was an automation. Just what Twitter what Twitter tool do you use for automation?
Uh we actually don't automate. We do it manually. Yeah. Just in case. I don't know. May maybe it's in my head, but I
get worried like if it goes super viral, too many uh DMs going out that that something could happen.
Okay. And then you just made this like quick little tool that will like basically give them like a random score zero to 100 basically
0 to 100 and then show them the actual prompts that were put into to chatbt. So like let's say you're Athletic Greens
for example. Okay, you type in Athletic Greens into the domain and then uh sorry into this tool we made. And then what
the tool does essentially is it goes and runs prompts best greens powder, best blah blah blah through the APIs, through
open AI's API, etc. And it comes back and it returns a score and it said you were number two and Gruns was higher
than you for example, right? And we gave this for free. It cost the company money. It cost Meridian money. We gave
it for free and we gave this like onepage report that was generated in like two minutes. Um, and then they
could click a button and be like, you know, sign up, try Meridian now. It's actually useful. It's actually useful and it solves a problem that's relevant
to them. And so it's like the first step action they need to take to use the product and it's a very quick win.
Yeah. So it's like it makes them even more aware of their problem as I mean it solves a bunch of things, right? Like a we know we need
algorithmically a lot of people at a high percentage to repost the video and comment on the video.
Okay. So how do we do that? We dangle a carrot in front of their face and say, "Hey, you want this thing?" Okay, in
order to get this thing, repost and comment and then we'll send it to you. They have to retweet. They have to comment a keyword.
Yes. Exactly. Okay. And then you send them that thing. It actually gets your email. So now you can like actually start building an
email list to start selling them in the future because they've shown intent. And on top of that, you're helping them solve a problem or become more aware of
the problem that your product solves. Exactly. By giving them, hey, your score is really low. You actually need to work on this. And that validates that.
Exactly. It kind of builds trust and authority with the relationship with the customer. Yeah. Yeah. And then even better is
like, hey, can this be something that like is viral and people talk about? And so like for example, something we did
with Meridian is we wanted to like really build up the
perceived value of this giveaway. And so what we did was people would just
like comment something. They wouldn't even comment the keyword which was meridian for the giveaway, but like you know a big brand founder
would comment and we went in and ran the thing for them and they just replied with a screenshot and said like you need
to do some work here. Ah wow. So even like just that's so smart that's a lot of work but that's a
lot of work but those details matter. I had my VAS on it. Yeah. All during the launch and if you go on that post you'll see a bunch of
replies. We should have even done more to be honest. That's almost like public like accountability. like their company's going to see that and someone in their
companies be like, "Shit, that's my job. I was supposed to be doing that." That's hilarious, but it's so smart. Okay,
cool. So, that makes a lot of sense. So, you have like this bold claim. You position the company. You have a bold claim with a desired outcome and then
kind of like a objection handler. And then you have the wow moment demonstration. And then if you are a
smaller brand, you want to do a social proof like this is used by XYZ brand or we trusted by 2,000 people or backed by
Peter Teal. Just one line, not all of them. just like one quick social proof like we're legit and then you're going
to vary at the end and say just for thanking you for watching this video. We want to offer you a free guide if in the
next 24 hours if you just comment and retweet this video we'll send you this Meridian AI SEO score report. Yeah,
just comment this word and we'll send it to you. And then can I add one thing? Yes. The one thing and and the other area I see people go wrong is validate
that your giveaway is a good [ __ ] giveaway by by making sure there's like people do
giveaways on LinkedIn and X all the time. Yeah. Okay. And you'll see this on on like any
algorithm, right? Like I used to post Tik Toks for example and I would remake the Tik Tok practically word for word
and the Tik Tok would go viral two times. The same concept, right? And the reason I say that is because validate
that your giveaway is a good giveaway that people actually want by copying a giveaway out there already that's
tangental or in niche. Um, and just copy it. And the reason is is because there's
validation and there's proof that, hey, this giveaway performed. Okay. This was something people actually wanted.
So look Okay. Yeah. Go ahead. So look to see if it's some like a type of product that people are already
interacting with on from other people in the community. influencers, they're selling a course or other brands that
most brands don't do lead magnets like this. So, it's a very slept on thing in the tech space. It's kind of funny. But if you're looking at the people who
teach AI SEO, see what they're selling to their audience. Like, why can a company not build a tool that's actually
good because they're a tech company? Either selling or giveaway. Like another one we did, um this guy on LinkedIn, it
went nuclear viral. He was giving away a um Slack media buyer. So, like it buys
your ads on Facebook. Um, and like you can talk to it in Slack, right?
And it went nuclear. Sounds awesome. It went like like on LinkedIn like 20,000
comments. And I'm like, why? We can build our own AI media buyer in Slack. And like, you
know, that is a better there's a better chance that that giveaway is going to do super well because it's already proven,
right? Like people in the in that niche have proved that they want this, right? Because it did very well. And so like I
always recommend like find something out there that's already proven and copy it. This is like expert level advice here
that like that alone adding the lead magnet I am very confident adds at least 30% more views to the launch. And at
this scale and what you're doing like you're probably going to get a million views no matter what with what you're the level of quality that you do. But
just doing this is another 3 to 500,000 people which is [ __ ] insane how many people that is. So it's a little bit
more work but drastically bigger outcome cuz you're thinking of every detail to maximize the reach on the algorithm.
So that's [ __ ] sick. Thank you. The last thing that I remember um from the slash one is you always have
a flavor of rage bait and it's very subtle like you're always you are towing the line with
controversy. Yes. And so I think this is like the number one most important thing you need to understand about Twitter is there's no nuance allowed
you have to have bold claims like you have to have a stance you need to be polarized and then you need to be on the
edge of controversy without getting cancelled. And so what was your ragebased strategy for this slash
launch? Yeah. So, we actually had two in this and one got nuked by their compliance team. Um, okay. So, the um we
said like slash offers every user regardless of banking size non Mumbai
247 customer support. And so that little line alone got like a
levels quote repost. Levelio retweeted it. Quote tweeted it. Yeah. And like everyone commented.
Everyone's like, "There's no way he just said that." And it's that like little subtle subtle thing that you throw in
that like almost like, you know, gets brushed over, but then gets someone to be like, "Wait, was that was that real?
Did he just say that?" Right? With Meridian, um, we purposely there's
certain communities on X that are easy to piss off. Okay. The UGC community, super easy to piss off, and the SEO
community, super easy to piss off. And I knew going into that, I'm like, I want to piss off the SEO community, okay,
purposely. And the reason I wanted to piss off the SEO community is because they're going to start commenting.
They're going to start quoting. And it worked, by the way. We had like hundreds of them raging, like getting really
upset about it. And little did they realize that they were just distributing the hell out of this post for us, you
know. Um, so, and the one we got clipped on, I'll say it because I think it's really funny and I was proud of it and I was
upset that it got clipped. um was um uh
another like uh feature that we wanted to highlight in the Slash launch was that um Slash also allows you to open up
unlimited virtual credit cards. Let's say you want to give your virtual assistant a card but don't want him
spending your money on only fans, block it, and Slash will automatically reject any of those hosts and it was going to
just like cut to Victor's face right then and there. It's all in edit ready to go and he's like, "No, we can't say
that." But I love that you have to like experiment and toy the line because that's like what's going to break the pattern for people when they're
watching. Especially in the tech industry where everybody's so used to just bro it's [ __ ] neutered. We are here today to change the world
and drive massive impact and just all these like fluffy buzzwords. Neutered. Neutered is the way I say it.
It's like it's it's neutered men. Okay. It is it is so vanilla. And if you can just like be willing to tote the line a
little bit, a little bit, you know, you can you can do very well. Yeah. And I just to go back to the slash
one, the non-M Mumbai 24/7 customer support. How much you're communicating in two words right there is so based
like it's so culturally relevant to like internet money culture. Yeah. And then on top of that, it's like
you're still communicating. This is like premier 24/7 support by the juxiposition. Non Mumbai. Yes. Non. But that's just like funny.
And it's not like that offensive like it's controversial. It pops out but it's just like just emphasizing that you care
about your customer support. We did get some Indian people mad in the comments. All you're saying is you're not outsourcing customer support. Like it's
like in house. That's all you're saying. Well, it's also like go back to research. It's like what do people like complain about like traditional banking.
It's like can't get on the phone with them and if you do it's like a thick ass Indian accent
outsourced. Yeah. Outsourced and they can't help you or a Filipino, right? Another thing I wanted to do and I thought was funny was
um was like do you ever notice like and I have a a ton of u Filipino people that
work for me. I love them. They're freaking awesome. But you ever notice that like uh Filipino people like are
very professional and so they say like yes sir a lot. And like I wanted to like play off that and
just like in a slash video um have Victor calling uh calling like MX
support and it's just like the the terrible customer support, the terrible like yes sir, yes sir, we offer without
yes sers. We on it sir. Yes. Yeah. It's funny too. I think that's so important to understand like the
cultural relevance and like being willing to like take a few brand risks like that. Like it's really not a risk. You're not going to get cancelled. The
product is [ __ ] amazing. like but just like those little pieces are what make it a beautiful piece of art and
make it get millions and millions of views. So you have that video that's like high level what the core
launch video is like that is the asset now it's like okay we have this asset those are little hacks to get organic
algo pull but to ensure guaranteed tens to millions of views you have this
influencer push orchestrated art piece
lined up before the video goes launched to make sure that it's going to get immediate push and so I want to go into
how you structure about how you think about that. But how many views did do your launch like what is the most views
one of your launches has gotten collectively across the actual video itself quote tweets and then the
influencer tweets? Meridian did around 9 million something like that. But that doesn't include LinkedIn because we don't know LinkedIn
impressions right because only the post author knows and we we didn't ask for it. one video, 9 million people in tech,
which is like one of the most valuable audiences B2B hearing about that is in 9 million business owners.
You should see his calendar, dude. You should have seen his calendar. He had no AES, no SDRs, nothing. His calendar was
like for three weeks out just demo, demo, demo, demo, demo every 30 minutes. That's [ __ ] great. I was so proud of it. It was awesome.
It's insane, bro. You were mastered your craft. So, let me let's go into So, step one, that is a marketer's job. Make that
video, understand direct response, build out everything we talked about. If you're working on a launch video, put transcribe this podcast, go through
chat GBT, summarize what we just talked about, and just make sure you're hitting all of those, and then help you write a
post that way or just pay me $100,000 or pay Matt 100K. But we got all levels of the spectrum here. But if you raise,
hit up Matt. So, next, you actually have that piece of content ready. Now it's time to prepare for the actual launch.
So now it's like the logistics of marketing. So you have the video posted, you know whose account it's going to go
on, probably the founders, and then you're going to have, you know, the caption. Great. So, and you know what's being pushed in the video. Now, you want
to partner with creators and influencers on X, but you don't want them to just like glaze the post or retweet it. You
want them to have like subnarratives that enhance different angles. So maybe these features didn't make the video,
but they are interesting or it's just a different way of explaining to a different base of people. And so it's different context that matters to them.
And so please explain to me your like how many influencers are you working with? Yeah. So it depends anywhere from
anywhere from on a small launch 30 or 40 to a big launch 100 uh 100 people all
orchestrated. uh like an hour or two hours after the launch goes live is when
you want all of this to go out, okay? All this stuff to go out. The other thing about the influencer side of
things is um you want a couple things. You want a post from the influencer and then you
also want them to do all the engagement um metrics that we want on the main
launch. And so what that is is that's a repost and that's also a comment on the main launch. And so you want them to do
that and then you want to encourage them as well and we do this via just like and a lot of them will right because we give
them a ton a ton of deals. They'll just do it for us to also engage with each other to ping pong off of each other and
so they all engage with each other. That is like just one part of it. But then there's like the main post that we
want from each influencer and that like depends right and this is also like you need to have a feeling like you have
this feeling I have this feeling because we're chronically on X and we're chronically on LinkedIn of what content
works out there. Okay. And especially what content works in this niche goes back to doing [ __ ] research. Goes
back to like sitting down when you're on a launch post when you're doing a launch to spending like 10 hours or 20 hours
seeing what everyone in this space is talking about and then what content is an outlier in this space and what are
the outliers and save those and then copy them, right? Copy them on the influencers. And so like find basically
we'll put together a a post guide um and like in the post guide we have like 20
referenced examples um of viral posts in the niche of the launch and then we
basically try to plug and play those into each influencer. And so what we can end up doing and you'll see is because
like we know X and we know LinkedIn oftent times our sponsored post on the
on the influencers page does way better% than their average post way like leaps
and bounds better. And then the other thing you need to do is you need to make um like visual assets
for each influencer because the influencer is not going to do it themselves. Okay? And you know, a a post
without an image or video and a thread without an image or video sucks. So, you need to make assets. If the influencer
is like a super high lever influencer and we feel that they could drive a ton of demos or a ton of impressions, we
will custom make and like go in and have my design team and my editing team custom make the assets for that
influencer to then post. If they're not, we'll have like what we call out of the box assets. And so, like
every launch, we'll have like 20 different assets about the product that we plug and play into the post. Gotcha. So for like for us for example
how I would think about it is we did like a payments launch where we launched like three different things multi PSP orchestration crypto paying and payouts
and then global paying and payouts. And so like crypto was like one small piece of it. So what we could have done is worked with a creator on like that has
like maybe 20,000 followers and said hey we want you to quote tweet our launch video and about 30 minutes after it goes
live make a thread with the quote tweet of how anybody can use crypto payouts.
And so you're going to write a thread just about the crypto section that goes more in depth, but it's more about like how this can impact people in their
niche. And it's more explaining the crypto aspect of it. So you're pulling one piece and then have another piece of
content that's going to go deeper on that angle. Yeah. Interesting. And and here's here's another example,
right? So like Moby uh which was Triple Whale again, if we go back to that example, uh one of the really, you know,
uh top performing like posts uh was like and you could see this, right? Like people always compare models. So they'll
go like deepseek versus uh Gemini, right? And they're like, I tested it
with 20 different props. Here were the results. And so like that's the reference, right? That's like the reference point. And then we did that.
So we did like Moby V Chat GBT or something like that, right? And and influencer posts or like uh Shackleford,
right? Like Nick Shackleford. He's a big influencer in the TTOC community for example. Um he was like here are you
know like it was like triple whale just launched Moby and it's insane. Here are five different ways uh you know we can
use it at BRZ which is his brand. Wow. So you're kind of making putting it in real practical terms. So it's like
they made this announcement video that's kind of like here's the explainer, here's the technology, here's like the broad outcome, but then here's like five
then the subweet from a guy who actually owns a brand is like here's five ways that will actually be used in our business specifically. Yeah. And then
you're writing that content for him. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Exactly. Smart. Okay. So, how are you choosing who to work with?
Um, at this point it's like we have 100 150 of some of like really like big
people with negotiated rates just sitting in a slack ready to go for our deals to come in at this point just just
because of like the volume we've done now. Um, but every launch we we outreach to
more people. it it's you know it's just a game of like finding creators that have very high engagement and then like
also I think the other thing is like um engagement is not everything right like this is the same on Tik Tok same with
Instagram influencers it's exact same idea I look at people that have people that know care and love them
okay those three things because that's influence in my opinion know care and love absolutely and the way you can tell is not just by
like hey how many total likes does this person get no it's like are people commenting and being like yo like
another [ __ ] bomb, Jimmy. Like this is amazing. Like you're the [ __ ] man. I love you. Are people like do people
like know about Jimmy's personal life, right? Like all these different things that relates to influence and trust and
then like booking a demo from them, right? And so like I'll give you the example with like this guy Nick Shackleford. Go look him up, right? He's
an influencer we work with all the time. Um people know his business inside and out,
okay? Like because he talks about it all the time. He talks about a ton of tactical stuff. He talks about how much money he makes. He has people that know,
trust, and love him. He's a high lever influencer that can book a lot of demos. [ __ ] just released a new app store that
gives software developers instant distribution. [ __ ] is a community platform where creators install apps
into their community. Think of it like Discord bots, but instead of bots, they're full-blown web apps. Developers
just list their apps on the [ __ ] app store and then creators install them in their community and sell them to their audience for you. This is a very high
lever distribution channel because just getting one creator to install your app into their community could get you
thousands of paying users. There are over 100,000 mainstream creators on the platform like Arak, Druski, and Imani
who are waiting to install your apps. And [ __ ] does more than just distribution. The new [ __ ] API also has
payments, memberships, and authorization built in. So you can handle billing, manage access, and fetch user data,
which is a few lines of code. This works for all web apps, whether you host on [ __ ] or on your own site if you want to
ship fast, validate quickly, and start earning right away. I highly recommend using the [ __ ] stack for your app. I'll
leave a link to the [ __ ] SDK below so you can get started today. Now, back to the episode. I I think that it's not as like
Twitter's an interesting one. One, I think accounts like 20 30K, like that's plenty, and they just need to like know
how to write content that gets views. like they know how to write engaging content and they have an audience that like actually genuinely listens to what
they have to say. It's not just some like spam account that has 200k followers that's doing like a templatized lead magnet system. Like
make sure it's like a human being who talks like a normal person. Even if it's just like 10, 20, 30,000 followers, that's like enough to get numbers on
Twitter. So don't overoptimize for followers. And then it's just like do you have I'm curious if you are like
going like niche adjacent like you said that you go you knew it's gonna uh Meridian's going to piss off the SEO
world but the SEO world maybe isn't necessarily the target demographic. They definitely are kind of but it's also
more just for like CEOs and founders who want to automate it in a way. So it's like almost cutting
out the SEO people. Exactly. And so were you finding SEO? No, we were finding brands. We were finding Yeah, we were finding like brand
owners and people like ecom's big for Meridian, so it was like a lot of ecom people, right? Um
yeah, it's interesting that you're not paying influencers. So, you're not paying people who are like content creators.
You're actually paying business owners in the niche to then talk about how this business affects them.
Yeah. And so they're not traditional influencers, but they'll still take a paid post. Exactly.
Interesting. Yeah. Exactly. That is fascinating. Um Yeah. It's uh it's it's exactly that.
It's it's brand owners a lot of times, right? If you have like a product that sells to to DTOC,
so it's who your customer base would be 100%. So you're trying to find people who are in your target demographic like who would be your customer to then tweet
because obviously they have people that follow them that are in your customer base. Yeah. And then I mean look, there's also like some other strategies too that you
can deploy that we've done as well that are that are really big like what uh Discords. So, if you get in Discords,
um, for example, with like Slash, they're big in the crypto world and so
like we we tapped in a couple like um big crypto discords and like that's
super powerful by the way. That's something we're like it's a big uh a big like push internally in our company is
like getting and tapping more of these Discords. Are you just linking the post or are you getting them to
We're doing giveaways in the Discords if you engage. If they engage. Nice. Yeah. So like all of a sudden, you know,
you could get like 200, right? Like retweets and comments on the post immediately. Um, and so like that's a
big thing that we're trying to do. Uh, the other thing is that, and these are you have to know somebody,
but there's like a lot of like faceless accounts that they're not necessarily to book demos and they're not necessarily,
it kind of goes against actually what I just said, um, but their purpose is just like
amplification and so like there is like chase passive income. Okay, he's a guy
on X that that we're connected to and he like is just a [ __ ] poster, okay? He
just like memes, but he gets a lot of attention. And so like having five, 10, 15 accounts like that that you can plug
in to a launch um can can really amplify pages that like have a huge following
just hitting retweet for 500 bucks or whatever. Yeah, you kind of have to play it like a video game though and and I'll tell you
another area uh where you can go wrong is um and and this is in my opinion just
from my experience, okay? I don't have cold hard data to back this up. Um, but
it's like you put the wrong gas at the wrong time. And what I mean by that is if you take like a massive theme page
uh that we have connections to and you put that theme page on within 10 minutes of the post going live,
in my opinion, you kind of get served to the wrong audience because you get you get people watching,
right? And then the algo like looks and says, "hm, these people didn't engage very heavily
uh because they're not like super core base, right?" Like the the way the algorithm works is it sends out to a
small group of core base uh at first sees how they respond and then opens it up right after it's like
how basically every algorithm it tries. Okay, core follower base. Did they engage like standard typical or more?
More. Great. Let's send it out wider. Okay, second level. Do they engage the same level or wider? Oh wow, this is
really popular. Let's go broad. So if you send like for me when I launch podcast, I don't send external traffic
from my email list or I don't tweet the video for like two or three hours cuz I want my core base to have like its full
experience first to make sure the title thumbnail is hitting for them. Once I can optimize the title and thumbnail in
three hours, then I'm going to email blast, tweet, and put on my Instagram story to get that second level and pass
the test. Same thing. So core, same thing, by the way. Like you're playing when we're doing these launches, we're playing, and
this is something I've learned just from doing a lot of them because we have all this ammo, okay? We have all this ammunition on any one of these launches.
We have all these influencers. Uh it's like who's going to post when, it's like who's going to repost when, we
have some of those pages I told you about. Then we have discords and you have to like kind of watch and you're like playing a video game. It's like all
right, when am I going to put gas on? When am I going to take gas off? Right. Um that's 100%. You're like live in the
moment and you I'm like I'm sweating behind every time it launch. Like I'm sitting here like glued refreshing every 3 seconds.
Literally. Yeah. And make you have to make sure like 30 people post. So by the way, I'm
just sitting here thinking like, "Wow, we should be charging like $3,000 for this conversation. This is like [ __ ]
sauce." I would say that people like there's probably so many people out there that like listen to this and like
wow that sounds really you're just like farming engagement or it's like this seems inauthentic. Every company every
viral tweet you're seeing there is a marketing team behind it the scenes doing stuff like this and whether you
want to accept that or not hard reality this is the art of marketing and this is what the best people in the world are doing. So no matter how you feel about
it this is the game and you are learning the most advanced tactics right now. I I mean I would also say though is like yes
like you're you're you're essentially like getting X to push your content to
the people that you want it to. Exactly. And like that's why right like if a post like Meridian gets 2 million views it's
like it's getting pushed to the people we want to just by default right and it's probably getting pushed actually outside of the people that we like
really want to right like that's like a viral post. Your only objective is how do I get the 1 million people in my TAM
to become aware of this product that exists that will actually solve a problem for them. Exactly. These are amazing products you're promoting. This
is not like some gimmicky drop shipping product. These are like innovative tech companies where literally anyone in the
world can now create a US bank account. Like that's [ __ ] awesome. Like it helps so many people. And so I want to go back into your
influencer strategy. How are you organizing all of this? Are you literally like just making like a Google sheet and you're just outreaching? How
much are you paying people? And then how do you I guess you literally have a content team.
It is a [ __ ] ton of manual work. Yeah, there's it is a [ __ ] ton of manual work. Um and I dread it cuz like I I do I'm in
the weeds like um yeah, it's like a fat spreadsheet with a ton of toggles, content draft links, um payment terms,
uh price. Um it is like they're I mean look, I I probably could spend time and
like automate and I probably should. we're just like, you know, we got a lot going on and I and I haven't done it.
Um, but it is super [ __ ] manual. A ton of VAS on it at any given time. And
um, you know, like me and strategists like looking through posts, locking posts in, confirming with creators, uh,
that their post is going to go live at a certain time at a certain day. I mean, coming up to a launch, it is like it's
intense. It's int if you want to do it well. It's intense. Um, it's weekends, it's long hours, late nights. It's a lot
of work in a concentrated period of time. It's like a six week window where you're like it's like boom and bust, you
know, like all in these six weeks and then you're kind of taking a few weeks off. Exactly. Exactly. So, but it's important. Yeah. And then in terms of pricing, it
really depends and also it depends on the niche, right? Like for example, crypto influencers are expensive as
hell. Uh that's something to note. Um but ecom influencers are cheaper, etc.
We see that an influencer for a thread um and a LinkedIn post it's anywhere
from 500 bucks to $3,000 depending on how big they are. I say the average it
usually comes out you can you can account like a thousand bucks a person and so think about it this way I mean
these companies like you know if you have a 100 person influencer campaign you're spending 100 G's on influencers
and so is that a part of the budget when you say you charge anywhere from 70 to 150k are they giving you like 30k
that doesn't include the the so that's just like for execution of the creative writing all the content
everything orchestrating the whole plan and then on top of that a how many what would you say an average budget is like
30 50k 100k I would say like the budgets we play with are are 50k plus usually
for influencers for the amplification aspect of it okay so let's just say like 100k on average for your services 100k
for your services and then another 50k on top for amplification to maximize the reach
and that 50k is the difference between probably a few million views to close to 10 million views if
yeah if done well the thing is is that like the biggest piece is getting that video perfect
that video absolutely Perfect. That's why I wanted to spend a lot of time how how you structure the video.
I'm not asking you what camera do you use. I'm not asking you how what team are you using, how is it shot. It has nothing to do with it. It's like what
are you saying and how are you what what is the message basically into that is the art of marketing.
It's also look it's also what you're bringing into the world and that's the hard part is like it is if you have a
product that is just like not revolutionary like it's hard. It is hard
you know. Um, so it's like that that's that's something big is like are you bringing something to the world the
world wants and that is like revolutionary and new. Yeah. Which is why you're leaning towards tech for the
most part. Like you're not going to you could do this for a new drink brand maybe, but that' be very difficult. Like
you have to be a very S tier marketer to like come up with a create that's all creative and ideation there. Where these tech companies like this probably is the
first time you've been able to build an LLC. Novelty is the most important word. If you don't know what we mean when we
say novel, go Google the word novel right now. That is like the only word you need to understand if you want to
get views on social media. Every post just needs to be novel. People there's like a there's always like a underlying
ether and there's a meta on the internet right now. And you'll see like this trend if you're paying attention for 3
hours in the morning. All of a sudden there's like one winning like topic or narrative in the market in your niche on
Twitter. That is the meta. You just need to add a novel take on that meta and you can get views every single day. As long
as you start with bold claim, you have a novel take and you're not nuanced, it'll work. There's two there's two uh there's two
prompts that I love when I'm copywriting and like this goes back to the video. Also, the influencer side of things
um that I that I put into AI is make this sound more novel. Okay, that's one. And then the other is
turn up the intensity. M. And so the intensity one is interesting where it's like
um my you know if you're making like an ecom ad like my leg aches versus like
uh there was a uh I don't know I'm giving a bad example but there was like a burning sensation in my leg right like
whatever that was a poor example but if you can intensify any statement any statement you make
um I'll give you an example with like meridian like less intense tense, also less novel at the same time. Like, we
help your brand get recommended more. That was what Alex wanted to do, the founder. And I was like, "No, no, no. We
need to make this more intense and more novel." Uh, and like we're the world's first team to get your brand ranked
number one by Chachi. That is a more intense statement, right? I would never know what recommended more meant like on Amazon.
Vague. It's vague, right? So vague. Yeah. So, it's like vivid language and the world's first. Like,
that's the novelty. Yeah. Yeah. Was it the world's first? Who knows, right? Right. I mean, well, that's where
you try to get like a defensible statement, right? And then there's compliance that you have to think about, etc. Um, but yeah,
that's [ __ ] interesting, bro. It's cool. This is like my favorite thing to nerd out on. Yeah. So, influencers, back to influencers,
you said around like $500 to $3,000, but average is around $1,000 per influencer. You're going to do around 30
influencers, maybe 50 depending on the budget. And these people are all going to be given content written by your
team, like a full thread with an actual graphic or image or a format that's
known to go viral and just write it in the specific context of their business because they're a business owner. And
you're going to have like the subnarratives going out. So it's not just like a quote to like, "Wow, this is sick." It's usually more of like,
"Wow, I can't believe this just came out. Now I can do X, Y, and Z for my business." Y and then another another little piece of sauce is uh the same
tactics that work on the main launch post all work on these influencer posts. And so what that means is people
replying to comments is big. So getting the creator to reply back to everyone that comments is big.
U giveaway works. Okay. So that can be the same giveaway you have on your main
launch. Gotcha. Or you could even create sub giveaways which we've done too, right? based on
the niche they're in. And so like now you have maybe three giveaways. So every influencer post has a giveaway in it.
That's like a little check we have on our SOP before all these influencer posts go out to give them all giveaways too. So now
you get virality on their posts as well. Wow. Do you I guess I was going to ask about
the subadjacent niches. Do have you ever like tactically like okay this is like
the the banking niche. We need to find influencers in crypto. We need to find
influencers in the traditional stock market. We need to find influencers or business owners in like something that's
like a wealth management or even something that's just like way out there. Like have you ever thought about that specifically?
Uh not like like not in the exact way like not as like 100% honest, not as like tactical and organized as you're
saying it. I will say it just usually ends up happening because we're like spreading like you know
70 influencers like on a campaign. It's a lot of that's a lot of people and so you you hit all these different niches.
Yeah. Yeah. And then each one of these niches gets like a different content type. Like another content type that
works phenomenally well like say your [ __ ] is like company story and like with Slash like this
23-year-old Stanford dropout raised $60 million and he's changing the banking world forever. Strap in. Banger right?
that was a like a content type that crushed like crushed is like just telling the founding story of a company
especially if it's very impressive like that. Um like that's a content type we always do like this is Dan Pantello from
Marpipe. He raised $10 million to kill UGC ads and is making his biggest announcement ever. Here's why this
matters thread. And is that the thread of the actual post itself? No, no, that's that's an influencer
post. So they're telling his story. Gotcha. Founders also love this by the way cuz they're getting glazed. It's like a PR
piece at the end of the day. Okay. So, one bucket of format is like here's five ways I'm going to use Slash for my
business or MOI for my business. Another one is us versus them. So, like chat GPT versus whatever uh DeepSeek,
but you're doing it for like here's why Slash is going to take over Bank of America or whatever it is. And then so
you'd have one format there and another format is like the PR, the story of the founder to build like credibility around
him and intrigue there. He has like an exceptional story. Are there any other content formats? Giveaways. So, like straight giveaways.
Straight up. Just straight. Yeah. Uh yeah, like like uh yeah, with like a quote tweet to the to the main post. Um
uh like I I call them like like it's the same idea as like a a DTOC ad that's a listical where it's like it's almost
like the five ways, right? Like five ways you can do X, Y, and Z. And you can like position it in like
more subtly, right? Well, um I'll give you an example with like Slash
is like Slash just launched their uh global business bank account that lets any uh operator, you know, open a US
bank account without an LLC. Here are five of the craziest things that this changes or something like
that, right? Like listical and then you just list one, two, three, four, five. Fire. Yeah. Okay. Now, the last piece of this which
made me see that you are truly a savant was the follow-up post. You guys had a
banger launch for slash multi multi-million view video. Tons of millions of views on sub posts, but the
next day it wasn't over. You just got a ton of views. Your algorithm is hot. So your next view is ob or your next video
is obviously going to get a good amount of engagement. It kind of works in like streaks like that. If you have get good
views on this post, the next one will probably start better and you have like momentum. But you guys posted this like AI video
of like a girl in a bathtub. Yeah. explaining it in simple terms, kind of like Wolf of Wall Street style.
Yeah. So, it's like explain. I can't take credit on this. Okay. It actually wasn't me. So, Mason on the
Slash team, phenomenally talented guy. All him. Explain what it was cuz it's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. It was like a a Marggo, we
called it a Marggo Sloppy video. Okay. Uh wasn't me, wasn't my team. Mason out there is probably gonna watch like
phenomenally talented guy, especially at AI videos. Very impressive. Um, and he
um he he did it like he just did it. My follow-up was going to be a I had an
idea for a follow-up that got nixed and then Mason cooked this up. Uh but my idea for a follow-up was the non-Mumbai
was getting a ton of like engagement and so I took a a screenshot of Victor put
it in VO. Victor's the founder and uh and it was going to be a side by side of
like slashc customer support versus your bank's customer support and it was a VO video of Victor and he like turns into
an Indian guy and he's answering the phone. Uh and then it' be like slashc customer
support. It's like some Jack dudes, you know, like answering very professionally, you know, just memeing. Yeah, that's funny. The
one they went with is really smart, too. She's a Margot Robbie style person in a bathtub like with a glass of wine
explaining in like a really fancy accent in like telling a story of what slash is
in like everyday terms. That was really smart. That got like another few million views. Yeah, it did phenomenally well. Like that was like
Mason crushed that execution. It was phenomenal. That was like a master class. How do you like fully get like fully squeeze all
the momentum you can or all the hype you can out of that? So, like another thing that I think is is like a founder, you
should sit there and like actively think about what pieces of ammo do you have.
And I use this term ammo, right? And so, like I'll give you an example of a piece of ammo is fundraising valuation. Okay?
If you just raise money, like even if it's not fresh, that is a piece of ammo. Buying a domain, right? Like
slashbought.com for a million dollars. Okay? like take all these pieces of ammo and use them,
right? Like us putting in the in the copy of like we're like putting our money where our mouth is. We bought
slash.com for a million dollars is like a piece of ammo that got, you know, maybe an extra 50,000 impressions
cuz there were people talking about it like, "Holy [ __ ] like these guys are legit, you know, etc." Like sit there
and think like what is unique? What is revolutionary about your company that's a piece of ammo? Like [ __ ] could be like
your average age is like [ __ ] 20 years old or whatever it is, right? I would say every person on the marketing team made a million dollars personally
before they joined [ __ ] An absolute piece of ammo in their 20s, right? Like wow, bold statement. Crazy,
right? That is a piece of ammo. And so it's like take all this ammo together and unleash it at once, you
know? That makes so much sense, bro. That's such a good It's a good way to think about it because you're layering that into like one video. Yeah. And you're trying to think of like all
the most like exceptional like what would actually stand out either be controversial or exceptional or remarkable. Yeah.
For people. That's so good. Okay. So I think that's end to end how to do a Twitter launch for your product.
Yeah. Specifically probably tech startups. Um, you have a very interesting background that we didn't really talk about, but this like this
was a you've been doing this for a long time and you used to kind of run ads, but you kind of pioneered a really
interesting format and an interesting business model uh where people could basically pay people like tribes in
Africa or different countries to like make dancing videos for like people's birthdays.
Yeah. Tell that story because that's always been so fascinating. Yeah. So I was um I was the first person
people have probably seen this video uh in the US to sell uh and and and bring
this this to market which was the dance videos that you see the most popular ones were the Africa ones but we did
them from all all over the world. Um the African ones just like were super viral and the most popular, but we had like
Russian and we had um uh we had them we had them like India,
like we had them everywhere. Um but by far the bestselling were these African ones. And basically what it was
is it was it's actually an interesting it's very interesting story. So, a guy on Fiverr
um was selling these videos and he, you know, was on the grounds, boots on the grounds, working with these people who
were, by the way, making a killing of money, right? Like great money there. And he was selling them on Fiverr. And
this one company um started selling them in Europe on in ecom. And I come from an
ecom background. That's my background always. And uh he was selling them and I'm studying abroad. Okay, I'm in college
and I'm studying abroad and I get served an ad for it. Okay, it was this company called Dance Greetings. I got served an
ad and it had like 200 likes on Tik Tok and like 10 comments, but every [ __ ]
comment was like, "How do I get this? Where do I get this? How much does it cost?" Like in crazy buying intent. Everyone wanted
to purchase this thing that saw it, okay? And I click in and the website's
dog [ __ ] okay? The marketing is just like simple videos. And I come from ecom, like I had scaled an ecom business
to $9 million in sales already. Um, and I uh I I'm like, "Fuck, like, why can't
I do this?" And so I order uh the product and they send me a Google Drive
link with my video, my custom video. And this is like a video of like a tribe like dancing with your own photo on it.
That was the unique part. It was your photo, your message. It was custom. Yeah. Like singing happy birthday or whatever it is. So it's like a gift.
Yeah. Exactly. And um I order it and then they send me a
Google Drive link and I click the little info button on the top right of the Google Drive link and it has this email
on it and I I'm like this email is weird. It's like angmail.com email. It's not from the company
and I email the email and I'm like, "Hey, like what's the story here? Like how do I get this?" And uh he's like,
"You can check out my Fiverr listing here, blah blah blah." Um and literally
got connected to the guy. He then pulled it off Fiverr because like we blew him up. So I started I I put up a store,
started selling, just put up the actual videos as the ads. That was it. And like on TikTok and on Meta. And in like a
day, my rorowaz, my return on ad spend, every dollar I put into ads was like the
first couple months, I kid you not, a 20x. A 20x. So I put $1 into ads and I
would get $20 back. And if you know ecom or you know advertising at all, it was insane. It was [ __ ] insane.
And because everyone wanted this and I um like a lot of people know this, right? Like now um because like I ran it
up in the US like ran like Yeah. Just just My girlfriend has gotten one for her
birthday before. Like her brother got her one for her birthday this year. Yeah. That's so interesting. And so you kind of arbitrage this. How much did it cost
to get one made for you? It cost us $10 and we sold them for between $40 and
$60. Wow. And so you just on average $50 someone would pay they'd give you a script. You just send the script over
this like group of probably like five friends and they would just we just built off we built out like a super simple software to do it like
super simple. Oh, so you kind of made it a systemized tool. Yeah. Well, because my background was was custom gifts. So it's like I knew
how to do the photo upload. I knew how to do the message. Like all that was super simple. And then I had the same dev that built out like I had to build
out for my old company like an insane like tool set etc. Um and this was just like a much more
simplified version. Yeah. That's crazy. What happened to it? Why did it stop? Um eventually it got saturated. Yeah.
Eventually it got super sat It's It was like a They were probably printing. They were printing. They could do like It probably takes a
minute each. They could probably do like 30 per hour. Yeah. Yeah. They were. And uh we we donated a ton of money as well. like we
did um we for every for every order we donated a meal to to families in need in
the communities. Um so like we donate tens of thousands of dollars from it. Well dope. That's just an interesting
story. I would I thought that'd be cool to share because it's like I've seen like something that like everyone in the world has seen. They probably don't know
where that stuff comes from, but it's people like you. And now you translated those skills into Twitter launches for the biggest tech startups in the world.
Well, dude, do you use AI for anything that you do? Um, I use a lot of chat
GBT. Uh, we have some like custom like script writers that we've built like
um, you know, through like Zapier, etc. And it like checks against our work. So, it's like I can get like an MVP script
in like a couple minutes by putting in like enough info, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. All right. Well, bro, this
was super valuable. Yeah. Tell everybody your name and where they can find you. Uh, Matt Epstein. And, uh, my Twitter,
that's where I'm most active, is Matt Epstein16. All right. All right. Well, brother, [ __ ] yeah. Appreciate you.